The folder contains two python source files, P1-a.py and P2-b.py and the results in .csv format.  
P1-a.py is the code for scraping the ‘Academia.edu’ website. Academia.edu overhauled their website recently and have two kinds of designs for the follower’s page that I am scraping. The code contains both techniques to scrape the website irrespective of the design. The script takes the URL of the initial node as a command line argument. To run the script use the following line in a command prompt or terminal:  
  
python P1-a.py http://asu.academia.edu/AravindKumarReddyYempada  
  
 The script produces two outputs, output.csv and count.csv which are renamed as ‘1 - Raw Dataset.csv’ and ‘2 - UserCount Mappings.csv’ respectively in the deliverables. ‘1 - Raw Dataset.csv’ file contains the non-anonymized dataset and the ‘2 - UserCount Mappings.csv’ file contains the user and number of followers mapping.  
P1-b.py is the python code to anonymize the data and perform uniform sampling. It takes two parameters as command line arguments. The first parameter is the output.csv file generated by P1-a.py and the second parameter is a Boolean datatype to let the program know if we need to sample the data or not. Use the following commands to execute the script in a command prompt or terminal:  
•	python P1-b.py output.csv 0       
	This gives the edge list, node list and anonymized edge list of the entire raw data. The output files are renamed to ‘1a - Edge List.csv’, ‘1b - Nodes List.csv’ and ‘3 - Anonymized Edge List.csv’ in the deliverables.  
       
•	python P1-b.py output.csv True  
	This gives the edge list, node list and anonymized edge list of a subset of raw data and samples the nodes that contain more than 1000 nodes by selecting 1000 nodes uniformly. The output files are renamed to ‘4a - Sampled Edge List.csv’ , ‘4b - Sampled Nodes List.csv’ and ‘5 - Sampled Anonymized List.csv’ in the deliverables. Only a subset of raw data containing 2000 nodes are returned which will be used as the input for the remaining problems of this project.    




Summary:  
•	P1-a   : code used to crawl Academia.edu  
•	P1-b   : Code used to anonymize the data  
•	‘1 - Raw Dataset.csv’, ‘1a - Edge List.csv’ and ‘1b - Nodes List.csv’   : non-anonymized dataset  
•	‘2 - UserCount Mappings.csv ‘          : usernames -> count mapping  
•	‘3 - Anonymized Edge List’                : anonymized dataset  
•	‘4a - Sampled Edge List.csv’ and ‘4b - Sampled Nodes List.csv’ : non-anonymized sampled dataset  
•	‘5 - Sampled Anonymized List.csv’    : anonymized sampled dataset  
